1. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

It adds a new file/folder .git, which tells the system, that it is now git repository and it should save the history and all the meta data of commits.
You need to do it, because a default folder do not track the history, so you need to tell the system that this folder should be tracked.

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

It is the middle step from working directory to git repository. You choose the files that you want to commit and add them to the staging area. Maybe redundance?

3. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can check the differences between working directory vs staging and staging vs repository. You can also add some files in staging area, take a pauze or change some other files and when you are ready commit all the files in one go.

4. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

If you want to try different designs or different layouts, or experiment a bit, and if it doesn't go like you wanted, you can go back to the stage, where you made a branch and it was like you wanted. Or if you make a really nice new feature which works perfectly, you can work on the new branch further as a master and leave the other branch.

5. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It is easier to see and imagine how it is all connected, where is the HEADA, where are branches etc. 

6. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

You put together two branches into one with all the commits from both of them. Represented is like that because it is easier to see the realtions between commits and branches (parents).

7. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging
pros:
- quickly
- you don't have to worry how to merge
cons:
- possible mistakes

Manual merging
pros:
- no mistakes
- everything under control
cons:
- very slow process and time consumable